[Music]
this is the marítimo m59 and just come
all the way from Australia now is
designed by a very experienced powerboat
racer and one of her key features is
this the fully enclosed fly bridge the
first thing that strikes you when you
walk into this boat is the quality of
the finish
she really is beautiful the wood is very
heavily varnished full gloss looks great
against the stainless steel and of
course the complementary colors the
accommodation is quite unusual as well
there's an island double forward which
shares a toilet with a double to ingest
but the real masterpiece is the owners
cabin because that has a very oddly
shaped diagonal berth which actually
works quite well and maximizes the space
around the berth this is where the
racing heritage really shouts out at you
and I have to say is one of the cleanest
engine bays I've ever seen twin and 13
Volvo 800 horsepower Diesel's on shafts
and she looks really nice easy to access
down there and this is really what sets
the marítimo m59 apart this is the
fully enclosed up a help effects the
only home position on this boat you have
a sunshine roof so you can be in the
elements if you want to be concealed the
whole thing up in the heaviest of
weather and you get excellent visibility
with her fully enclosed wheelhouse easy
to walk around decks her amazing finish
and her beautifully laid out engine room
this boat is as the Australians would
say mate
she's an absolute Ripper
you